tapp/product/Products.java
 tapp.product.Products
 tapp.product.Products$1
 tapp.product.Products$Builder
service/daos/Dao.java
 service.daos.Dao
tapp/product/Measurements.java
 tapp.product.Measurements
 tapp.product.Measurements$1
 tapp.product.Measurements$Builder
AWS/ALBGrpc.java
 AWS.ALBGrpc
 AWS.ALBGrpc$1
 AWS.ALBGrpc$2
 AWS.ALBGrpc$3
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBBaseDescriptorSupplier
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBBlockingStub
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBFileDescriptorSupplier
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBFutureStub
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBImplBase
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBMethodDescriptorSupplier
 AWS.ALBGrpc$ALBStub
 AWS.ALBGrpc$MethodHandlers
service/entities/VariantProperty.java
 service.entities.VariantProperty
tapp/product/Product.java
 tapp.product.Product
 tapp.product.Product$1
 tapp.product.Product$Builder
 tapp.product.Product$OptionsDefaultEntryHolder
service/product/DatabaseParams.java
 service.product.DatabaseParams
tapp/product/ProductVariants.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariants
 tapp.product.ProductVariants$1
 tapp.product.ProductVariants$Builder
service/entities/ProductVariant.java
 service.entities.ProductVariant
 service.entities.ProductVariant$Form
service/product/CustomException.java
 service.product.CustomException
tapp/product/RepeatedStringOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.RepeatedStringOrBuilder
service/daos/VariantPropertyDao.java
 service.daos.VariantPropertyDao
service/util/EntityManagerConfigurator.java
 service.util.EntityManagerConfigurator
service/entities/Product.java
 service.entities.Product
tapp/product/ProductVariantsListOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariantsListOrBuilder
service/daos/CategoryDao.java
 service.daos.CategoryDao
service/daos/VariantImageDao.java
 service.daos.VariantImageDao
tapp/product/Category.java
 tapp.product.Category
 tapp.product.Category$1
 tapp.product.Category$Builder
tapp/product/ProductOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductOrBuilder
tapp/product/IDOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.IDOrBuilder
service/util/UUIDConverter.java
 service.util.UUIDConverter
tapp/product/CategoriesListOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.CategoriesListOrBuilder
tapp/product/MeasurementsOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.MeasurementsOrBuilder
tapp/product/ProductVariant.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariant
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$1
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Builder
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Form
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Form$1
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$OptionsDefaultEntryHolder
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Property
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Property$1
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$Property$Builder
 tapp.product.ProductVariant$PropertyOrBuilder
tapp/product/ProductsListOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductsListOrBuilder
tapp/product/CategoriesList.java
 tapp.product.CategoriesList
 tapp.product.CategoriesList$1
 tapp.product.CategoriesList$Builder
tapp/product/Categories.java
 tapp.product.Categories
 tapp.product.Categories$1
 tapp.product.Categories$Builder
service/daos/ProductVariantDao.java
 service.daos.ProductVariantDao
tapp/product/ProductVariantOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariantOrBuilder
tapp/product/ProductVariantsList.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariantsList
 tapp.product.ProductVariantsList$1
 tapp.product.ProductVariantsList$Builder
service/entities/VariantImageTx.java
 service.entities.VariantImageTx
tapp/product/ProductVariantsOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductVariantsOrBuilder
service/entities/Category.java
 service.entities.Category
service/entities/Log.java
 service.entities.Log
tapp/product/CategoriesOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.CategoriesOrBuilder
service/daos/ProductDao.java
 service.daos.ProductDao
service/product/ExceptionHandler.java
 service.product.ExceptionHandler
 service.product.ExceptionHandler$ExceptionHandlingServerCallListener
service/entities/ProductTx.java
 service.entities.ProductTx
service/product/AlbServiceImpl.java
 service.product.AlbServiceImpl
service/product/ServiceException.java
 service.product.ServiceException
service/product/ProductServiceImpl.java
 service.product.ProductServiceImpl
tapp/product/ProductServiceGrpc.java
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$1
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$2
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$3
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$MethodHandlers
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceBaseDescriptorSupplier
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceBlockingStub
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceFileDescriptorSupplier
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceFutureStub
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceImplBase
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceMethodDescriptorSupplier
 tapp.product.ProductServiceGrpc$ProductServiceStub
service/daos/VariantOptionDao.java
 service.daos.VariantOptionDao
service/entities/ProductVariantTx.java
 service.entities.ProductVariantTx
service/product/ProductServiceServer.java
 service.product.ProductServiceServer
 service.product.ProductServiceServer$1
tapp/product/ProductOuterClass.java
 tapp.product.ProductOuterClass
AWS/Alb.java
 AWS.Alb
service/entities/CategoryTx.java
 service.entities.CategoryTx
service/daos/LogDao.java
 service.daos.LogDao
service/entities/VariantImage.java
 service.entities.VariantImage
tapp/product/ID.java
 tapp.product.ID
 tapp.product.ID$1
 tapp.product.ID$Builder
tapp/product/ProductsList.java
 tapp.product.ProductsList
 tapp.product.ProductsList$1
 tapp.product.ProductsList$Builder
service/entities/VariantOption.java
 service.entities.VariantOption
tapp/product/RepeatedString.java
 tapp.product.RepeatedString
 tapp.product.RepeatedString$1
 tapp.product.RepeatedString$Builder
tapp/product/ProductsOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.ProductsOrBuilder
service/entities/VariantOptionTx.java
 service.entities.VariantOptionTx
service/entities/VariantPropertyTx.java
 service.entities.VariantPropertyTx
tapp/product/CategoryOrBuilder.java
 tapp.product.CategoryOrBuilder
